update unity docs and added react native release notes (#15834)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/mobile-release-notes/unity-release-notes/unity-agent-001.mdx

---
subject: Unity agent
releaseDate: '2024-01-02'
version: 1.0.0
downloadLink: 'https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-unity-agent'
---

> 🎉🎊 Presenting the new NewRelic SDK for Unity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🎉🎊 Presenting the new New Relic SDK for Unity:
```

> Allows instrumenting Unity apps and getting valuable insights in the NewRelic UI.
> Features: request tracking, error/crash reporting,distributed tracing, info points, and many more. Thoroughly maintained and ready for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allows instrumenting Unity apps and getting valuable insights in the New Relic UI.
* Features: request tracking, error/crash reporting, distributed tracing, info points, and many more. Thoroughly maintained and ready for production.
```
